if you guys looking for a fast cheaper
long place to get your coins go check up
fifa coins FC calm in the description
down below they've got price up at the
moment so go and get your coins for team
of the air coming up yo it is like us
they hungry showing you my best packs in
2014 thanks for a great 2014 hopefully
2015 can be just as way or even better
if this video can show a 500 like i'll
show you my best rages so far I've had
yeah let's just came to the packs and
hopefully you enjoy this video shit how
this happened no 300 fuckin k oh yeah
yeah they are oh no no don't wanna fuck
holy shit fuck no no please this room is
actually real man who never got less
annoyed I know where we're now you
fuck Oh bullshit resumed sharing them
fuck your legend who else is there oh we
got a legend fuck that's why did you got
fifth legend this year fuck please and
show yourself as well o en El I'm
actually not even lying look compare
price how can this be lying messy yes
come on fuck holy shit all my goals when
I saw that blue card holy shit I what I
can't actually believe up I actually
don't not to say I actually don't even
know what to say I'm actually fully done
right now I packed him I fucking packed
him holy fuck oh I actually don't know
what to say I met you I i do have logged
in I aha fuck how much is going for
right now holy shit fuck oh I'm actually
speechless is actually him is actually
him I'm actually still shocked I'm fully
shocked right now what is happening what
it's actually happening ninety-five rate
we can a pat Pele holy shit all right
wrap care sighs no sleep whilst opening
a pack where I'm just gonna turn on my
xbox all right come on it is I'm an old
white I don't write rest nothing on me
at my best selena gomez rah rah no no as
you well know it was this way I was
quite legend I just one end fuck I quite
actually believe this nah no I didn't
work now the new lesson that just came
out vodder arm up i just opened the
fucking Wondrich a pack and who I got a
legend this pack opening is got too good
now also I got him him him him that that
him in the teaser Bernardo and Timothy's
in court wat in the same fucking packed
in the season demaria tin the season
Rodriguez aunt in the season Condor over
and was a recording gets a fucking
legend in a pack fucking BS fuck's sake
thank you for watching if you did enjoy
drop a like this trying too much over
500 likes in this video and I'll catch
you guys next time
I ain't got nothing on my